Yes, so I want to hear about your music.
yes oh
Oh but
okay okay
Oh, really? Because it's not so much obvious, is it?
like career potential. yeah
Oh yeah
yes
Oh i see
Oh
Oh okay
Oh, did you enjoy it as a child?
really okay
were you taking piano lessons all the time or else when you were..
Did you start when you were like? Oh my goodness, that is young.
So yeah, wink.
yes
And how long did you continue?
Or did your parents...did your parents make you?
play piano just throughout yeah
yeah yeah
okay
yeah
wow
oh..
yeah i see i see
oh wow
Yes yes
And that's what I assume because of your, you know, that you're saying.
into music and your profession, that that is your hobby.
almost assumed that you had this passion for ..
or that you or that's what you do during your off hours too.
yes yes
oh that's so Interesting.
oh okay
Not at all.
No I've never been to a piano lesson since I am like yeah i mean
They made you play the recorder in elementary school. That's sounds..
I never went into bed, never did any of that.
So maybe I just never even allowed myself.
objects for music. It was never something that.
I had a keen interest in doing either, not necessarily
Music is not necessarily something that I...
hugely gravitate toward. I can listen to any type of music.
But it ends up being more of the background noise.
Like it's not something that I get super passionate about.
So I guess it just never drew me in that way. although..
piano is something that i always thought oh it would be nice
But again, yeah, never, never.
got into that either. So yeah.
oh..
oh nice
Oh..
Oh really..
is it..do you think any other...like it's hard or..
Oh, not the same way. Oh, wow.
yeah yes
oh yes
oh yes yes
Oh right.